Huaijin
What's up?
Ah, nothing.
I heard it wrong, let's go
Huaiji
Long time no see.
Mom, why don't we hurry up and find me?
Uncle Zhou is very busy
Let's not disturb him
It seems that Uncle Chen will not come
Xiaodi's mother will take you home first.
Mom has another interview this afternoon
Miss Jiang's interview for today is here
I will see this comrade again for specific results.
Thank you. You're welcome.
President Zhou Dong Su
This is the regular meeting teacher who passed the interview today
Please buy your dream.
This girl's overseas experience is quite good
Fast forward.
Call a coat
I personally interviewed this person
Hey, you have to go abroad for a meeting tomorrow
postpone
get busy
Oh.
You mean?
Uncle Xiao was forced to take the blame for you
I finally found his former colleague
Don't want to see me yet
It's not easy
Don't check it yet
Help me go home
By the way, how is the little brother?
congenital heart disease
The doctor said that without surgery, it may be
How much is the surgery short?
I'll transfer it to you.
No, nothing else.
You have helped me so much in the past 7 years
Also spent a lot of money
you
Have you seen Zhuge Jing?
It's getting late.
Let's talk another day
Miss Jiang Tianyu
The game invites you to come to my master at 10 am tomorrow.
Please attend on time
That's fine.